# 🚦 Code Coverage Dashboard

A simple dashboard for Istanbul code coverage reports designed to be deployed to Heroku. The app takes a `coverage-summary.json` input file and displays coverage charts that are all configurable.

## Table of Contents

- [Available scripts](#available-scripts)
- [Supported browsers](#supported-browsers)

## Quick start

- Setup [Istanbul](https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul) to export a `json-summary` report with datestamp
- Upload `coverage-summary-1534886771995.json` to a folder in the github repo you want to display
- Add the folder location of your `json-summary` report in .env `REACT_APP_DATA_DIR_URL`
- Build to Heroku
- The app will check hourly for a new file in `REACT_APP_DATA_DIR_URL`
- If the filename is different (eg. `coverage-summary-1534886791867.json`) the line chart will update

## Istanbul setup

Reports are generated from the `json-summary` report generated by Istanbul. There's an example `isantbul.yml` file in the project directory that includes report settings for `html` and `json-summary` reports.

## Configuring reports

There are three different report charts that are displayed: A datetime based line chart displaying total statement coverage; a summary of total coverage as donut charts; and a group of stack charts that display coverage for individual and grouped report strings.

### Line chart

The line chart component is located at `src/components/LineChart.js`. It takes an array of values from `localStorage` and displays them as date (X axis) and value (Y axis) from the object input: {value: 96.75, date: "2018-08-21T04:13:07.414Z"}. All localStorage values are loaded in `src/templates/App.js`.

### Donut chart

## Available scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](#deployment) for more information.

## Supported browsers
